# About Altissimo's Site

My name is Altissimo and this is my site. It's a collection of  various Pokémon-related data pages with a heavy focus on table and list formats that is intended as a supplement to any player who needs them.

My primary focuses are:
* To present accurate encounter tables for the main-series games that use them, because there are a lot of inaccurate claims about encounter tables out there. In all cases where I am able, I get these tables directly from the Pret repos for these, or from other trustworthy dumps or tools.
    * To present these tables in a handful of different formats that might be useful.
* To include a lot of information about Pokédex completion, taking into account that not all players have all games available for trading.
    * To include information about the minimum and maximum levels Pokémon can be found at, which can help with reducing time needed to evolve a Pokémon with a high evolution level, or give an idea of what Pokémon can be found at low levels for low-level challenges like Pokémon Stadium cups or the Crystal Battle Tower.
* To present accurate data and mechanics explanations for Battle Facilities.
* To amass coverage of side games that don't have a lot of coverage out there, such as the Pinball games, Mystery Dungeon, Ranger, and Trozei.
* To assist people who want specific tools by either giving a space for them to host their own tools or by creating them myself. To date, I have created several tools for use by the Legends: Arceus speedrunning community, and some of the Mystery Dungeon speedrunners have hosted their tools on my space. **I welcome any pull requests that contain tools you wish to be hosted on my site, so long as you're willing to abide by the GNU License. This is an open source project.**

My eventual goal is to have coverage for most of the console/handheld games (I'm not interested in covering mobile games at this time) to the greatest extent as I am able. However, I am one person with limited time to dedicate to this, so progress is and has been slow, albeit consistent. **I welcome any collaborator who sees my site as a worthwhile resource to either adapt my data to a different format or to contribute to my project directly via pull requests, raising GitHub issues, or just getting in touch with me to report problems.** To be quite honest, I'd actually rather someone adapt my stuff to another format and invite me to work for them directly; I'm not very insistent that this information be tied to my name and my name alone, and it should be clear from my site's layout that I'm not exactly the best webdev, so I'm open to all sorts of collaborative efforts to increase visibility, even if it means it's no longer 'branded' as being 'mine'. My main goal, first and foremost, before anything else, is to correct inaccurate or missing information in the Pokémon fandom, and to provide data I think is useful and interesting in formats I think are best suited for it, and how that gets done is a secondary concern. Right now, though, it's still just me.